Migrate over PRDs (#4931)
highlight/highlight: internal-docs/onboarding/001-Vadman97.md

<!--- 
Instructions for onboarding buddy:

* cp 000-template.md 001-github-new-hire-username.md
* Make appropriate changes to this template given who you are onboarding.
-->

# Welcome [@Vadman97](https://github.com/Vadman97) 👋

Welcome to Highlight [@Vadman97](https://github.com/Vadman97)! We're thrilled to have you join us.
Recently, our company went [open source](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=34897645) and we are [building our work in public](https://www.highlight.io/docs/general/company/values#we-build-in-public).

Your onboarding buddy is [@et](https://github.com/et) and they'll walk you through your next couple weeks.

## Feedback

Highlight is a fast moving start up that is constantly evolving.

> If you see something you think should be changed, feel empowered to make the change through a pull request, a public slack channel, or a meeting. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see something you think should be changed, feel empowered to propose changes through a pull request, a public slack channel, or a meeting. 
```

<!--- 
Instructions for onboarding buddy:

* cp 000-template.md 001-github-new-hire-username.md
* Make appropriate changes to this template given who you are onboarding.
-->

# Welcome [@Vadman97](https://github.com/Vadman97) 👋

Welcome to Highlight [@Vadman97](https://github.com/Vadman97)! We're thrilled to have you join us.
Recently, our company went [open source](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=34897645) and we are [building our work in public](https://www.highlight.io/docs/general/company/values#we-build-in-public).

Your onboarding buddy is [@et](https://github.com/et) and they'll walk you through your next couple weeks.

## Feedback

Highlight is a fast moving start up that is constantly evolving. We definitely don't have everything right.

> You are absolutely encouraged to edit the company at any time either through a pull request or through a public slack channel.

Author: I was trying to capture something like "if you see something that should be fixed, feel empowered to fix it".  This is sort of a CTA per the previous sentence.

Suggestions welcome!

> You are absolutely encouraged to edit the company at any time either through a pull request or through a public slack channel.

Reviewer 2: Got it, I get what you're saying. Maybe the verbage is just a bit confusing. "You are absolutely encouraged to edit the company at any time" could be "Your absolutely encouraged to propose edits to the company knowledge base and processes at any time"?

I'm not super opinionated here; just figured it couldn't hurt to be a bit more verbose.

### Day two (dogfooding exercise)

- Start at Highlight's [homepage](https://www.highlight.io/), find the sign up page to sign up with your personal email.
- Set up a frontend app in your framework of choice and integrate Highlight [using our docs](https://www.highlight.io/docs/getting-started/overview) (or the setup page) to record a session.
- Set up a backend app in a language/framework of your choice and record errors and logs.
- Give us feedback on the process.
    - Where did you experience friction?
    - Were the docs incorrect anywhere?
    - Were the docs easy to navigate?
    - Was the API spec in the expected style to the language? (e.g. naming made sense or matched the stylistic nature of the language).

### End of week one access checklist

* Highlight
* GitHub
* Zoom
* Loom
* Figma
* Doppler
* Notion (much of this outdated)

## Week two

Set up pairing with each member of the team on the following tasks:

- [ ] https://github.com/highlight/highlight/issues/4764 with [@ccschmitz](https://github.com/ccschmitz)
- [ ] https://github.com/highlight/highlight/issues/4837 with [@mayberryzane](https://github.com/mayberryzane)

### End of week two access checklist

* Render

> * Datadog

Reviewer 2: Can we stick all the access parts under a single heading? Imo, it might be confusing to have to scroll through this doc to see what I do/don't have access to. Within that single list, we could sort it by importance maybe?
